readme.md, before:

# Tampines HDB 2013 - 2018 Resale Data Tagging

_distlabel.py_

Data obtained from https://data.gov.sg/dataset/resale-flat-prices

Google Geocoding API was used to find the latitude and longitude of HDB flats

Geopy.distance was used to determine the distance between the HDB flats and Tampines MRT

## Legend
In resale2013_2018.xlsx, 

1. lat - the latitude of the HDB flat
2. long - the longitude of the HDB flat
3. dist_tampines - the distance between the HDB flat and Tampines MRT
4. dist_east - the distance between the HDB flat and Tampines East MRT
5. dist_west - the distance between the HDB flat and Tampines West MRT
6. tampines_mrt - 1 denotes less than 400m from Tampines MRT and 0 denotes more than 400m from Tampines MRT
7. east_mrt - 1 denotes less than 400m from Tampines East MRT and 0 denotes more than 400m from Tampines East MRT
8. west_mrt - 1 denotes less than 400m from Tampines West MRT and 0 denotes more than 400m from Tampines West MRT

# HDB Location Visualisation

_map.py_

Uses gmplot to plot the location of HDBs in Tampines

![visualisation](/visualisation.jpg)

## Legend
1. Red - Within 400m of Tampines MRT
2. Blue - Further than 400m of Tampines MRT and within 400m of Tampines East MRT or Tampines West MRT

To use,
1. Create virtualenv 
2. pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Obtain Google Maps API Key and save it as API_KEY.txt
4. Enable Google Geolocation API and Maps Javascript API

For the EC4352 Singapore Economy: Practice and Policy module

Commit message:

Removed visualation.html and updated readme.md

readme.md, after:

# Tampines HDB 2013 - 2018 Resale Data Tagging

_distlabel.py_

Data obtained from https://data.gov.sg/dataset/resale-flat-prices

Google Geocoding API was used to find the latitude and longitude of HDB flats

Geopy.distance was used to determine the distance between the HDB flats and Tampines MRT

## Legend
In resale2013_2018.xlsx, 

1. **lat** - the latitude of the HDB flat
2. **long** - the longitude of the HDB flat
3. **dist_tampines** - the distance between the HDB flat and Tampines MRT
4. **dist_east** - the distance between the HDB flat and Tampines East MRT
5. **dist_west** - the distance between the HDB flat and Tampines West MRT
6. **tampines_mrt** - 1 denotes less than 400m from Tampines MRT and 0 denotes more than 400m from Tampines MRT
7. **east_mrt** - 1 denotes less than 400m from Tampines East MRT and 0 denotes more than 400m from Tampines East MRT
8. **west_mrt** - 1 denotes less than 400m from Tampines West MRT and 0 denotes more than 400m from Tampines West MRT

# HDB Location Visualisation

_map.py_

Uses gmplot to plot the location of HDBs in Tampines

![visualisation](/visualisation.jpg)

## Legend
1. Red - Within 400m of Tampines MRT
2. Blue - Further than 400m of Tampines MRT and within 400m of Tampines East MRT or Tampines West MRT

To use,
1. Create virtualenv 
2. pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Obtain Google Maps API Key and save it as API_KEY.txt
4. Enable Google Geolocation API and Maps Javascript API

**Note**: Do not upload the created visualisation.html file publicly as it contains the API Key information   

For the EC4352 Singapore Economy: Practice and Policy module
